Add some info about initial charge. (#261)
vippsas/vipps-recurring-api: vipps-recurring-api.md

## Agreements

> An agreement is between the Vipps user and the merchant. Think of it as a payment agreement that allows you (the merchant) to recurringly charge the customer without them having to manually approve every time. See [charges](#charges).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An agreement is between the Vipps user and the merchant. Think of it as a payment agreement that allows you (the merchant) to charge the customer at the agreed time interval without requiring them to manually approve every time. See [charges](#charges).
```

Reviewer: Just a little word-smithing - I think this is how we would say it. :-)

[Vipps landing page](https://github.com/vippsas/vipps-developers/blob/master/common-topics/vipps-landing-page.md)
from Common topics, for more details about the landing page.

> **Note:** If payment should be required to activate an agreement, you need to specify an initial charge. If you are dealing with physical goods, this should be a RESERVE_CAPTURE, but for digital goods where the customer instantly gains access, DIRECT_CAPTURE might be easier to manage. See [Initial charge](#initial-charge)

Reviewer 2: In other APIs we try to get away from "direct capture", as it's impossible to cancel then. See: https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/docs/vipps-developers/common-topics/reserve-and-capture

[refund-charge-endpoint]: https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/api/recurring#tag/Charge-v2-endpoints/operation/RefundCharge
[userinfo-endpoint]: https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/api/recurring#tag/Userinfo-Endpoint/operation/getUserinfo
[access-token-endpoint]: https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/api/recurring#tag/Authorization-Service/operation/getAccessToken

> [vipps-test-environment]: https://github.com/vippsas/vipps-developers/blob/master/developer-resources/test-environment.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[vipps-test-environment]: https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/docs/vipps-developers/developer-resources/test-environment
```
